---
layout: contact
title: "About"
date: 2017-08-01
permalink: contact
---

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-md-8">
    <p>Hi everyone! I'm Luis Sevillano, an A Coruña based web developer.</p>
    <p>I have spent most of my career in media, working on graphics, maps, and coding. For most part of my work, I have used the well-known javascript library <code>d3.js</code>, a tool for manipulating documents based on data as well as creating powerful visualizations for the web.</p>
    <p class="break-p">Some of these projects can be seen in the Gallery section of this portfolio: political and social analysis, Spanish, France and UK General Election graphics coverage, etc. All of them carefully adjusted to all kinds of devices.</p>
    <p>My interest in maps began when I first found out and learn about all the <code>d3.js</code> features. As I was facing different challenges I discovered the possibilities and ability that GIS offers; from spatial analysis to satellite imagery.</p>
    <p>During this time, I have become increasingly interested in maps. I have been self-teaching myself some basic knowledge, understanding that in the new era of cartography some CLI (command-line interface) applications, like <code>gdal</code> or <code>TopoJSON</code>, are essentials.</p>
    <p class="break-p">I've done some of these maps and charts using Photoshop, Gimp or Adobe Illustrator and Its plugin <a href="http://ai2html.org/">ai2html</a> (developed by the New York Times). It allows you to export your artboards in a web format.</p>
    <p>I like collaborating and contributing to open source projects and I'm always interested in participating in cool projects.</p>
    <p>Feel free to contact me on:</p>
    <ul class="about">
      <li>Twitter: <a class="r-link" href="https://twitter.com/sepirdata">@sepirdata</a></li>
      <li>GitHub: <a class="r-link" href="https://github.com/LuisSevillano">github.com/luissevillano</a></li>
      <li>Email: <a class="r-link" href="mailto:luissevillanopires@gmail.com">luissevillanopires@gmail.com</a></li>
    </ul>
  </div>
</div>
